\begin{center}
{\bf Author's Biographical Sketch}
\end{center}

Dr. Norm Matloff is a professor of computer science at the University of
California at Davis, and was formerly a professor of statistics at that
university. He is a former database software developer in Silicon
Valley, and has been a statistical consultant for firms such as the
Kaiser Permanente Health Plan.

Dr. Matloff was born in Los Angeles, and grew up in East Los Angeles and
the San Gabriel Valley. He has a PhD in pure mathematics from UCLA,
specializing in probability theory and statistics.  He has published
numerous papers in computer science and statistics, with current
research interests in machine learning, parallel processing, statistical
computing, and regression methodology.

Prof. Matloff is a former appointed member of IFIP Working Group 11.3,
an international committee concerned with database software security,
established under the United Nations.  He was a founding member of the
UC Davis Department of Statistics, and participated in the formation of
the UCD Computer Science Department as well.  He is a recipient of the
campuswide Distinguished Teaching Award and Distinguished Public Service
Award at UC Davis.

Dr. Matloff is currently Editor-in-Chief of the \textit{R Journal}, and
is on the editorial board of the \textit{Journal of Statistical
Software}.

Dr. Matloff is the author of several published textbooks.  His book {\it
Statistical Regression and Classification: from Linear Models to Machine
Learning}, won the Ziegel Award in 2017.

